The way of the truth
is the best way of living,
But no one can live
your life for you.
So take the advice
that Jehovah is giving;
Believe what he
tells you is true.
Make the truth your own.
Make it live,
yes, make it real.
And then feel the joy
Jehovah gives you
When you make the truth your own.
The effort you make
and the time you are spending
In service to God
and his Kingdom
Will yield rich results
and a life that’s unending,
A life full
of good things to come.
Make the truth your own.
Make it live,
yes, make it real.
And then feel the joy
Jehovah gives you
When you make the truth your own.
Compared with our God,
we are all little children
And need his direction
and counsel.
So walk ev’ry day
with our Father in heaven;
Receive his rich blessing
in full.
Make the truth your own.
Make it live,
yes, make it real.
And then feel the joy
Jehovah gives you
When you make the truth your own.